Hello everyone, Lewis here. Please join us this December for the world's biggest gaming charity event, The Jingle Jam. From the first through to the 14th, we'll be fundraising for 12 fantastic charities including Comic Relief, War Child and more. But just like last year, it's not only us taking part, anyone can fundraise for The Jingle Jam. You can help by streaming, creating content, sharing a link on social media and more. Set up your own page today, supporting one charity or splitting donations across all 12, and any supporters will unlock The Games Collection. Over a thousand pounds of the games for anyone who donates 35 pounds or more. You can sign up today at jinglejam .tiltify .com and we hope you'll join us in making this the biggest and best jingle jam yet. Hi, you're listening to the High Rollers D&D podcast. I'm your dungeon master, Mark Sherlock Humes. Hi, I'm Katie. I'm playing Aila, a wild elf barbarian. I'm Tom. I'm playing Kilek Adkala in Arakokra Bard slash cleric. And I'm Kim. I'm playing Nova, who is an air ganassi, and she is a hexblade warlock. I am Chris Trott. I'm playing Lucius Viren, Eloyn Elinastu, and I am a high elf sorcerer. Hi, I'm Rhiannon. I'm playing Sentry. I am a guardian paladin. Thanks to our sponsors D &D Beyond and Brilliant .org, let's begin our first episode in the world of Aerois. Shall we begin? I think so. Yes, please. The skyship lurches and the world suddenly falls away and snaps back into place. A flash of light fills your groggy, sleep -addled vision, followed by a boom of thunder that rattles the ethereum -infused wood of the hull of the sparrow blade. The cabins are dark and only the faint dim of starlight and the luminescent glow of the cradle provide any light. As you fully begin to awaken, you feel the airship rocking unevenly, swaying, you hear cracks of thunder and flashes of lightning outside and what sounds like cries and shouts of battle above and screams from below decks. What I would like is... Yeah, so Quill, yourself and Sentry are sharing one bunk on the sparrow blade, this airship that you are taking towards the city of Gusthaven. Nova and Aila, you are also sharing a bunk you've been travelling together on the trip so far and Lucius... Your bunkmate, you've not really spoken to them, but he is a dwarven fellow. You just know him, his first name is Arval. And you all awaken as suddenly the airship lurches in place. You feel yourself staggered around for a moment. Perhaps your belongings shift ever so slightly in the room. And yeah, you begin to hear these noises of battle outside and cries coming from down below. What would you like to do? I was sucking my thumb. And cradling a little soft toy when I was woken up. So the toy actually fumbles out of your hands and skids on the floor. Daddy! What blazes going on? The dwarf kind of looks around. Sorry, sorry Arval. What's going on? I don't know, tell me. Another flash of lightning outside, followed by this boom of thunder and you feel the airship rattle once again. What is it moving so eratically? In the flash of light you can see that yeah, apart from these flashes of light you're struggling to see. Only those of you with dark vision can actually see fairly well currently. Find snubbles! Where's snubbles? What are you talking about? My toy! Nova and Aila, what are you guys doing? So you literally are woken up by this mid -sleep. You don't know what time it is, it's pitch black but you can feel that something is wrong with the ship. So feeling that like hearing the thunder and the lightning, Aila is instinctively going to look at her own hands first. Just to... Like it's not you. There's nothing on your hands. Yeah, and she's going to jump up and look around. Is Nova, are you still in bed? I'd like to think that I would have woken up like really undignified. Just like, and I'm just cuddling one of my books and I probably just fall on the floor. So you kind of fall out of the bed as it lurches because it's actually like tipping to the side every now and then as well. So you're almost thrown out of bed, the blanket kind of half wrapped around you. I'm a mess. She's just going to come over and just sort of pick you up and... No! Come on, you want to get that? I'm sorry, you're gonna need it. What, why no? Oh, come on. Put the books down. Put me down. Well, in century, what about you guys? Century, century, century, century, century, century, century, century, century, century, century, you're all right. Lightning century, century. What's going on? I don't know. Okay. Are you okay? No. You're okay. I think I'm gonna maybe send Echo out and maybe try. Okay, so you're gonna open the door and send him out. Okay, I'm guessing as well, century, because you are a construct and you've kind of got this metal frame. I'm guessing you just have your armor on because you don't sleep, you just kind of power down. So you're just feeling your little armor. Anybody else who wears armor, it depends on whether you would naturally sleep in it. Otherwise, you are in bed clothes. Like this journey so far, you've been on this ship for maybe a few days. There's not been any reason for you to feel that you're in danger or anything like that, but whether you wanna be in armor or not. I've got pink satin pajamas. Okay, just you're in pajamas. With little sockies. Clothes. With a bobble on the end. Okay. So you, century, go up to the door and you don't have dark vision, do you? No, I haven't. So it's incredibly dim. You fumble around for a moment and you manage to find a handle to this kind of airships cabin door. You open it up and you see kind of this dark corridor. But you do see another door opposite yours is open and there is a woman with dark skin wearing kind of planes of like night dress. And she's kind of looking out but she has a glowing, holy symbol of a half circle with stars above it, which you would know is the symbol of Siaskar, the star mother, the main goddess of Eroes. And she's kind of hovering this light kind of like peering down like, what's going on? You can kind of see her looking around. And then Echio, your little kind of like flying ball of metal and wood with this purple gemstone. She's kind of apparates out of your body and flies out into the corridor. And you're going to send him down or are you just looking around outside? I'm going to have a look around first to see if I can see anything. So you see this woman kind of like startled for a moment. But you recognize her as another passenger that's been on the ship and she kind of looks at it as it kind of floats down. You can see that nothing seems to be wrong in this corridor. This is kind of like where the passenger quarters are. You're on a passenger deck of the airship and it just stretches down. There are some restrooms and then it goes into a larger space where you know the galley is. And in fact, I'll just reveal this on the map. So you can see that it kind of extends down. There is a staircase that leads down and Echio, as you're kind of like focusing your mind and your hearing through Echio. From the stairs leading down to the below decks, you hear a blood curdling scream as in somebody being potentially attacked. You just hear this like, oh! Okay, cool. Will home. So key blind and deaf. So you century is like holding the door open, but it's like she's shut down. Like the doll in her kind of purple eyes has faded and she's just focusing. Arvel this dwarf kind of like, you can see him stumbling. around and he's like putting on like a leather jerkin and things like that he's just like well I don't know what that sound is but it don't sound no good and he goes over to his pack and pulls out what appears to be like a large crossbow and he starts pulling out bodies and things like that. Really? You think it's turning to that already? Do we not have guards or something? You're from the from the Sky Cities ain't you boy? Yes. God save you. You must have heard of Sky Pirates before. No. Only daddy told me the secrets of the stories right? Not real. He gestures and you hear like the sounds of battle and the ship lurches once or more he's just like sure don't feel like no stories boy. And he begins by sliding up the door. He opens the door and like rummage around. For my arcane focus that's on my hand. Okay so you get your like a gemstone. If you have a gemstone on the back those of other little gemstones will connect together. It's like a glove but yeah connected with metal and things like that. And I'll just like daintily like hold onto his shoulders and push him forward. Like looking around and you can see that he's an older dwarf like maybe like middle aged for his kind. So he's got streaks of grey in the beard, his tunic like he's basically got like he's managed to pull on trousers and a shirt and a vest like a Thick leather vest, but it's very finely embroidered and well -made and he's got like rings and necklaces on and he looks quite like quite wealthy I'm so thankful that you'll hear of all Protect us right? Keep it down. Okay. Nova and Aila. Yeah, so because I can see better I've got dark vision, so I'm gonna go up to the jar good grab my hat my hammer my war hammer So make sure I've got that And look out the door and I'm guessing I see Lucius opposite you see yeah You see this dwarf kind of hunched down looking down He kind of gives you a nod and you see Lucius above him you also see echo floating around you see this flying metal ball hovering around and then you also see just poking her head out of the other door if you can move that to the other door for me and This yeah, this dark -skinned woman kind of holding this holy symbol and that is creating some light in the corridor She's kind of like looking down like there's otherwise quite dim. Yeah. Yeah. Can I see his right? Jammas Good you can oh nice pajamas pretty boy. I think really really great that's gonna help us. I don't think now's the time to talk about fashion But okay, I just I'm just gonna start walking down the hall good ball muscle as you start walking down The dwarf kind of comes out and follows by Joe got many for Marvel as well If you can move that down and but the woman kind of is just like what's going on? You're aware of what's happening. No, but I'm gonna find out She you want to come she like looks back in the room and as you're passing by We probably noticed that you can see inside the room There is a another man wearing similar kind of robes And he's kind of like sat on a bed and you can see he's got another one of these holy symbols with a light kind of emanating from it And next to him is a girl maybe about 14 or 15. She's got long dark hair She's kind of wearing like basic like night clothes just like a kind of ragged shirt And she's kind of like looking around like they seem to be whispering and the woman who's been speaking you can just turn back and she's like, Corin, stay there with Vala. I'm gonna go with these. And he's like, be safe. I'm gonna turn and say Sentry. Could really use that axe right now, buddy. Nice. So you snap out of it. Snap out of it, Ed. So he just bobs, yeah, he just kind of bobs next to you. Cool, I grab my axe and I go avail it. Okay, so Quill's skin is behind Sentry. Another... Pshh! Oh! We really have to get into combat now. Yes, hello. Hi. Do we have to? We don't have to, right? It's optional. Does anyone know what's happening? What's going on? Not optional, pretty boy. It's not optional. It looks like you two have it. Quite figured out. We need to keep you guys safe. Yes, yes, excellent. Thank you, Sentry. I love that. It might be better if you stay back. I will stay right back, right at the back. You're gonna be a problem, I can tell. Nova, Nova! I think I'd like to think that at this point, all you can hear is like some... Thumps and cursing from our room and I'm just trying to get dressed like Damn it! God damn it! Where am I? There's something in that room! There's something in that room! And then I'll think she was ball out back Ah! Let's see. So now that you're all gathered, why don't we just really quickly Although things are tense, just give, especially for people who might be listening on audio podcasts Just give a verbal description of what you look like. We'll start with Aila because you're in the lead Okay, so Aila, she has got long, sort of very vibrant, fiery red hair She's got lots of braids in it, sort of very Vikings kind of style She's quite muscular, she is wild elf, so she's more muscular than say Lucia's is As a high elf And yeah, she's sort of in just sort of leathers and she's got a bit of tartan strapped to her belt as well And you've got a massive war hammer Okay, Quill I am a brown feathered bird aracocra with one large wing coming out of a cloak But the other wing is missing and covered over by a red cloak Okay But I'm relatively short, I'm actually probably shorter than most of the people in the pine And I'm sort of carrying behind sentry a little bit He's got more of a falcon kind of face Yeah, peregrine falcon, blive falcon hawk Okay Oh I think I'll find What does Nova look like for us, Kim? She's pretty young, she has star freckles She's blue being an air -gnassy, kind of tousled hair, like I don't know, like fluffy clouds And she's dressed in a sort of almost like a uniform Yeah Lots of pouches and scrolls Lots of pouches, scrolls, books, writing equipment, like she's more of a scholar than a fighter But you can see the main thing with Nova is despite the scholarly appearance she has this very long, elegant, almost alien looking longsword It kind of has these very weird blue curves to it, I mean it doesn't look like anything made on a rouser and she does not know how to use it. Lucius. I am a very classical looking high elf with big pointy ears very pale skin blonde long platinum blonde hair but the unique thing about me is I got two different completely solid colored eyes one is blue and one is orange and wearing very elegant noble clothing that's usually purple right now it's pajamas the color and a cape that goes over one shoulder that's kind of like a half cape and a sash and I'm full of gems and colors and silk gloves yeah century cool cool I am a like a robot almost looking being I'm really tall I'm sort of very silvery and I have a green sort of tarp over my body I have like vines in my hair with flowers growing out of it because I'm really old and then I have a massive shield and a nice sort of dainty but really powerful looking battle axe. So as you're making your way down this corridor it is pitch black with only this faint glimmer And the light being given off of this priestess's holy symbol is almost like starlight. It's very silvery, very dim, very faint. And as you begin slowly making your way down the corridor, those of you who are moving, you hear and feel a sudden, from maybe at the back end of the ship, further than where you are currently headed, there is an explosion. You kind of almost feel like this ragged bolt of force as you're kind of jostled around. Things fall over, you can hear boxes being toppled in nearby rooms. And everybody is kind of thrown. There is a faint scream from the girl, the younger girl in the rooms behind you. And yeah, you just kind of feel this rocking force as it kind of lurches for a second. I probably trip over Nova. Yeah, it's all over. Sure, you can be proud. You're very heavy. Get off. Yes, you should see me with my full clothes off. I am going to keep pushing forward. So basically, yeah, just keep moving forward so you can go down. You pass what appeared to be a bunch of restrooms. Okay. You can see that they're marked for men and women. And yeah, there seem to be like short little kind of like cabins where there is obviously, you know, the necessities. But as you begin making your way down, you see this dark set of stairs and it is pitch black down there. Even with your dark vision, like there is a heavier darkness. Like you can still see into it, but you can tell that, you know, there's no light down there whatsoever. You'd be completely without any light whatsoever. But the screaming from down there has stopped. But you can still hear the signs of battle above you, which is the main deck of the airship. So do we hear anything at all from below now? Is it silent? You can make a perception check. First roll. Whoa. 21. 21. So you strain your hearing and you kind of let your senses adjust. And you kind of almost try and place yourself back in the forests and the coast where you grew up when you'd be hunting wild game. And you clench the warhammer tightly as you strain and just ever so faintly from deep down below. you you can hear this kind of almost like metal on metal like scraping and just this like a heavy breathing this is like almost scratching on wood and then you also notice something else out the corner of your eye just coming around the corridor you'd see two shadowy looking figures they appear to be wearing thick black leathers they have full hoods with completely full face masks like completely encased with almost like a skull like grimace and they're wearing these thick leather tunics with big long thick black cloaks they kind of stoop round and you just kind of catch them and you have this moment where like they look at they seem to be looking at you although you can't tell with these full masks and you're looking at them and then you just hear one of them just go like looks like some of them are awake let's finish them off and that's gonna be initially All of us. Everybody please. Whoop! Okay. Okay. So, Aila. Eight. Eight? Quill. 17. Nova. Uh... Trying to find my initiative. Yeah, it's at the top. Should be at the top. Uh... Getting used to being D .B. on, but we'll get there. Lucius. 18. 18. Century. I'm trying to find my initiative. It should be... Just that initiative deck, so it's just plus zero. It should be on there somewhere. Oh yeah. Just add your deck to the flag. Okay, cool. That's three. Three. Three. Solid. Slow robo body. Um, so, Lucius, you would normally be going first, but one of, uh, in fact, actually, you hear the woman at the back, this kind of priestess, just kind of, it makes her way out and she just seems to be following the crowd. She's basically unaware of what's going on, so she just makes her way and she'll move down the corridor to round about where Century is. And she just kind of is, she looks towards you, Century, and is like, I'm so glad that we have a guardian with us. At least, I'm sure, I'm hoping that the crew can take care of this. And then by that point, we move on Lucius. Oh, terribly sorry. Get off of me. Hello, Coos. Ow. I get up and I just start, I just just see what's going on. Awful. Awful. Shut your mouth. Keep quiet. Sorry. Uh, you just going to move up there? Yep. Quill. I don't know what's going on. So, you see Aila, um, you don't have dark vision, do you? I don't have dark vision, but I have some. I have a 20 passive perception. Can I hear those guys? I would say that you, you hear that voice. You hear that like, looks like someone's in my life. Okay. Um, in that case, I would like to cast Shield of Faith on Aila. So, you all get it? Now, is that touch or is that a range one? It's a range, 60 foot. Okay. So, you get plus two to your AC. So, you, you hear, let's kill them and then there's your, just like this sudden realization. Let's go protect that one. So you hold out the wing and you utter a small prayer. And what does the shield, what does it look like? Does it have a particular look? As I like swing my wing round, some white shimmering sort of ethereal feathers also spray out from that. And I guess they coat round Aila. And I guess then vanish into like some sort of invisible shield that's around. I remember it is concentration. It's a concentration for 10 minutes. Also, I would then like to sort of whisper to Aila and just say, I'm sure you've got this one. Yeah, thanks for a boy. And does that count as a? As a bardic inspiration. As a bardic inspiration. I'm sure you've got this one. I'm sure you've got it. I feel very inspired by that. Tom Hays, you've got it. Magic. But yeah, that's your bonus action. And then I've got bardic inspiration. Oh, that was two bonus actions I just did then. Oh, it's shield of faith bonus action. Yeah, sorry, ignore that. And I'll leave it at that. You just give us some verbal inspiration. Not some mechanical inspiration. So at the end of your turnquil, one of them seems to, one of them turns to the other, it's like, they're the spellcaster, I'll deal with them. And you watch as he basically runs, tries to run up the side of the wall and jumps past. Who's just saying that you're here? Well, that depends on how well he manages to run along the wall. Run along the wall? So you watch as he kind of kips up and the ship almost seems to lurch as he then begins running along the side. Oh my god. He bounces off. Aila, you go to swing but it's just so fast that you kind of judge that. He lands and he throws a dagger in the direction of what he thinks is quill, but it's probably going to hit sentry instead. Alright, okay. Can I use my reaction? Well, this is going for you, it's not going for quill, so it's just going to target you directly. That is going to be an 18 to hit. And I need a d4. Such an unprepared bunchmaster. Who's the 18, isn't it? So you take five points of damage, minus one because of your royal shield, so you'll take four points. So this dagger kind of flies forward and you manage to bring up the shield, but the kind of shock kind of knocks a bit out of the wind out of you. And this dagger kind of like, thuds in and he looks... There's more of them back here. Oh no. So that was one of their dynamic combat actions. So after quill we then have... Was that custom? Maybe. Arval actually, Arval is like, what in the blazes are they? And he's just like, Evangeline, don't fail me now. And he pulls up this heavy looking crossbow. Oh, hasn't it? Cute. And he shoves quill to kind of the side and he raises it up. Who names a crossbow? So, he does the crossbow kind of like, flies out and you watch it. It sails past quite expertly. between yours and the woman next to you and thuds into the guy's side. Oh well great shot, I'm so impressed. Thanks kid. Nice. And yeah you kind of hear like this, as it thuds in and you can see the guy's kind of like bleeding from like some sort of wound that he's been dealt. However the other, a shalant, then fully steps round and he kind of locks eyes with Aayla, he holds out his hand like a free hand and a blade of black energy just... And then he runs in with a strike. Level 2. Oh no. I'm at the back. So because it is dim light he has advantage. He has advantage in dim light. Can I use my reaction for this one? You are not within five feet of her sad face. You've got to be next to her to be able to do it. That is going to be a 23 to hit. Oh boy. Just. So that's gonna be, so that's gonna be 50 psychic damage. 15 damage? As this blade, it doesn't, like it just passes through your armor and it passes through the magic shield. And you don't feel a cut. But it's just, you're wrapped with pain as this blade like, Jesus Christ. So that took like a lot of, it doesn't work against psychic damage. Well, yeah, it doesn't. No, it's only if you're a bear barbarian and then even psychic still affects you. So you watch as this guy kind of like runs in and kind of Samurai style, he swipes you with a blade and for a second you don't feel it and then your body is just like, ah, like wrapped with pain. After him, let me just take these off. That hurt a lot. So we have, no more. So once I kind of stumble upright, can I see this guy, do I recognize him? You would recognize these. You've encountered these kind of figures before, but these, you've never seen them summoned, like, you know, watching the kind of thing you have. Do you have dark vision? No. Then you don't see the blade of energy, but you see the one that jumped forward and through the dagger. And you just recognize the mask more than anything. These are the ones that you encountered in the shuttle. Can I tell like kind of who they're coming for maybe? Or like, no. You can give me an insight check, sure. Okay. Oh. Natural one. There's a moment where you want to try and figure it out, but your mind is taken back to those panicked, that panicked flight through the abandoned shuttle, this kind of ancient derelict magical ship where you found Tiangong. And all you remember is the fear of like, these guys chasing you and it just overwhelms you for a second. Okay. I probably can't eldritch blast, can I? Because there's just too many people in the night. Yeah. You can. He might get some cover from it though. Okay, I'm gonna Eldritch Blast then. I'm just gonna like, I'm just gonna kind of, once I stand up and look and go, oh no, oh no, and just like, just try and, bleh. Okay, so you, and how does it look when you do your Eldritch Blast? Is like, do you see the blade shimmer or do you just summon it from your hands or? I think, yeah, the blade would glow first. So you hear like, And it just shoots out on my hands. Yeah, the same color as the blade. So it's this blueish, Yeah. kind of glowing blue energy. Cool. So that's a seven to hit. Seven. Unfortunately, like with the, not only is it just the cover, but this guy, he kind of like, the gold mask snaps up and he dodges to the side. It's this like energy barrier launches past. Yeah, doesn't seem to, That's all I can do for now. Doesn't seem to do anything. At the end of your turn, the one that just hit Eila is actually gonna try and do the same thing of he kind of like leaps over you and he's gonna try and run along the wall. Let's see if he does it. However, this time he doesn't do it quite adeptly enough that he avoids the attack of opportunity. He avoids it. No, he doesn't. He doesn't avoid it, so he gets it. Oh, and he's also jumped right up. Oh, okay. Yep. Oh Christ. Is that from Sentry as well? Just from Aela. It's just from the person he disengages. 24 to hit? Yes, that hits him. So as he leaps up, this time you're ready for it. You swing the hammer in a large arc. Nine points of damage. Nine points. So this one, you feel the blow connect, but he still manages to keep running with the momentum, but as he lands, he kind of stumbles, awkwardly, spins around, and now holds up this kind of energy blade in front of him. The one that had jumped in front of you Sentry, the one that threw the dagger, you see him like now he holds up his hand and in fact, I have to make a concentration check for the one you just hit, but he passes it. This energy blade comes in and he goes, goes to strike at you with it. So that is going to be a advantage. That's going to be a 19 to hit. Oh no. What's your AC? My AC is... So it's on combat. So you know that. Okay. 18. So he does hit you unfortunately. For 11 points of psychic damage. And again, you feel this, even though like your body is made of wood and metal and stone, you still feel in your matrix, you feel this agonising pain like kind of course through your body. Okay. As he leaps over. Geez. Okay. Not like that. Aila. It's your turn. I was one of these guys. I'm just gonna smack the one that's right beside me then. This is right here. So you turn on the one that's now currently facing Sentry and you can see if he's aware of you. It's like 12 to hit. You did not state that. It was going to be a reckless attack beforehand. So this time you go to swing and you think you've got him because he's turned away from you. But he kind of spins around at the last second and then puts his foot on the hand. almost kind of trying to keep it to the ground. Looks like he's ready to try and strike at you. Sentry. Cool. All right, I'm getting real, real anxious. I want these guys to be gone. Real quick. Real quick. I would say that actually as well, Sentry, you would also recognize these guys because they wear an outfit. It's not the same, but this is very similar to what the forces of Starbane were during the war. Christ, yes. These look very similar to these ancient, old Starbaneers. I'm ready to go. Yeah. Cool. I would know who these are. And I know that the audience won't know who Starbane is, but that's part of the mystery of it all. They'll find out in time. Over the next two years. So what would you like to do, Sentry? Can I cast Thunderous Smite and get the guy between me and AIM? Yes, absolutely you can. So Thunderous Smite, read this out. Bonus. So the first time you hit a melee weapon attack during the Spell Sturation, your weapon rings with thunder. That is audible within 300 feet of you and the attack deals an extra 2d6 on the damage to the target. Perfect. Perfect. So it's a bonus action, so you use your bonus action to cast it and now you make your normal weapon. I know what she's about to do, so I like. Yeah, normal. So you're doing a normal battle axe attack. Okay, so it's one, one wing, one wing, one ear. 11 plus five, 60. That is enough. You kind of bring the hammered out, bring the battle axe in, you kind of raise up the shield. Eyes like purple, glowing eyes. Your eyes glow purple and the blade kind of hums with the same purple energy and then the battle axe comes smashing into the street shield. So roll the normal battle axe damage and then this one. That's one d8 plus three. So begin with. And then extra 2d6. So just dive that one. And you also add the thunder. Then you also add, I'll give you an extra d6 for this. You might as well roll them all together. Nice. And then plus three to this. Whoops. Ooh. 12, 8. That was full damage. That was full damage. Oh my God. Wow, that is 20 plus 23. 23 points of damage. What? So you watch a century brings up this axe and you're kind of seeing how dangerous these things are and recognizing them as this ancient enemy that once attacked your home. Yeah. The weapon hits. The body kind of shudders. And Aila, you have to leap out of the way as this kind of goop. And the body is thrown flying backwards down the stairs. Like it's literally like goop. Shoot it. Aila's just gonna go, I love you. That was amazing. You just see the head of the other one snap back. Just kind of expressionless mask. Just doesn't say anything. So, what a fast turn. Get out of here. You see the priestess woman next to you just kind of like looks at you kind of stunned. But then as she begins to hear the one behind you, this kind of master salient moving, she turns around, she holds up the symbol, she takes like some deep breath, she's like, see how scared she is? And you watch as this kind of silvery flame appears in her hand. and she casts Sacred Flame. So that is... Does anybody have that spell that can just tell me one of these very quickly? I don't actually have it. I can find it though. Maybe in D &D Beyond could help us. Thank you. I should have... I didn't have this prepared. There we go. Do you want to have a read? Is it that one? That should... Sacred Flame. Thank you very much Rhiannon. Deck saving through a 1d8 radiant. Oh. Deck saving through a 1d8 radiant. Okay, there we go. He's got it. He's on it. Yeah, just make sure you can get back to your character. No problem. Deck saving through, so he... Unfortunately this time he kind of like leaps to the side as this kind of silvery star like tumbles past him. You can see she's trembling with her hands, but she's kind of like holding out the symbol, almost trying to ward him off. Lucius, what would you like to do? Cryyki! You watch as he kind of swipes around, yeah. Almost... I'm going to throw out from my arcane focus an ice knife. Oh. Coalesces into a point and then I fling it forward. Okay. as a dagger. And so spell attack. So you make a spell attack. So 17 plus 5. That's going to hit him. And then it's 2d8. I'll double check that. I believe it's a d8 piercing damage and then it does cold damage if he fails a save. Also. But if you just tap on the spell it will bring it. Yeah, yeah. So ice knife it is. 1d10 piercing. Oh nice. Hit or miss the shard explodes. So that was half one. So you watch it kind of floats. The ice arrow, the ice knife like you throw out this bolt of nice. This bolt of ice. This bolt of ice. And it kind of, you'll get used to that by the way. Markisms. I do that a lot. You watch as this blade of ice just kind of cuts through his armor but it just barely nicks him. But as it goes past him it then. So he quill. Arvan has to make a deck saving throw. Okay. I'm arping this. I'm sorry. Well Arval fails. Also my blue eye. I know. It's going to glow. You can do that on a creature you choose. Okay so it will happen on him. It can't be the same creature but there's no other things to target so you can just not. Okay it was just one more. I got 18. 18 so I'm assuming that's a pass plus your save. So Arval fails and then he, I'll roll that properly, also fails actually. So he'll take one. Oh if the attack hits the creature takes 3d8. 3d8. Is it meant to hit and then explode? It kind of, it hit or miss, it explodes like radius. Oh wait that's the wrong one sorry. 2d6. 2d6. Barriers. Yeah go for it. Hope I get really high rolls. 6. Okay. So you watch as this ice kind of explodes outwards. It covers Arval. He's like, ahhh. That would be like so terribly sorry. Kuehl you managed to kind of like, like, let the ice shield it away. But he's also struck by it and you can see that these shards of ice are now embedded into his side. As he kind of stumbles back. I've only done this against trading dubbies before I'm sorry Yeah Quill okay, I don't like that. He is so close to me. So I am going to use gust so I Swing a wing and a huge wave of what is yours for safety see my spell save DC Says strength 13 on here. Yes. Oh, okay. So I it's a 13. I fail. Okay. What happens? So he is pushed five feet away from me So I just push him back So you kind of like sweep the wing out and this Kind of launches him down the corridor. I will move To the basically what is now the back line which was the front line So you kind of squeeze through past century and this this woman in the in the in the Priestess robes. Yes, and with a bonus action. I'm going to cast healing word on a low Yay! Okay, nice. The 1D4 plus 2. Tom Hazel's not used to low levels. He's burning through spell slots like they're going out of business. I know, that's two of them already. So you've just regained 5 HP. 5 HP? Thanks, birdie. I'm doing my job. Yay! What's that like? What? You wouldn't know! No! So, Arville, seeing this one next to him, he just, he's like, ah! He kind of slings this crossbow behind his back. You can see it's kind of got like a strap that he slings over his shoulder. He just pulls out what appears to be just like a club out of his belt. Like kind of like a line. Look, I said I was sorry! He's like, I'll deal with you later and then he's like, goes in to smash the sky in the back. He's like, damn sky pirates! Well, that probably 19 to hit. Wow. What a thing. So, a whopping four points of damage. But that is, you watch as like, he probably cracks the back of his leg and you hear like something kind of like stumbled as the guy's like, ah! Oh, what a guy. You'll pay for that dwarf. And as he kind of turns around and you can see Arville's just like, yeah, you can pay for a lot of things. Like new fucking crossbow bolts. It just shoves him sort of in the back. However, it is then after him is the assailants go. He turns on Lucius, who he saw the ice knife come from. Take anything you want. You watch as his black blade kind of just shimmers out of existence. Like, he's just then going to turn around and he kind of sees the situation is quite bad. He is going to bonus action teleport to the end of the corridor. So you watch as he kind of like darkness kind of envelops him. And then he appears like next to Nova. He looks down on you. Doesn't seem to like really regard you. But instead he holds out his arm and you watch as a bolt of lightning just like launches outwards. What's that? No. Not down the entire hallway. I'm not gonna hit you guys with a third level spell. That was gonna hit everybody Corridors this one seems to target just great. Oh, yeah Yes, oh good. Oh my goodness fine. So can you please? Oh, no, this is me I make a range spell attack bonus, but however, that is only an eight You dodge you kind of like fall down. I guess maybe you kind of just collect This like like bolt of lightning just kind of arcs off and bounces me you can see the charge is still in his hand So there's no residual after no, and he just looks he's just like even if you kill me None of you are leaving this ship alive I get an attack of opportunity on him for like zipping into money. No teleport doesn't promote come fortunately However, do you do do I so mean it is your go now Nova? Okay? I'm gonna be like I'm gonna say stay out of the way. Get us here. Why are you here? It just looks down at you. Okay doesn't say enough I'm just gonna shout. Can I still shout at everyone? Yeah. Coral shadows! Coral shadows! Coral if he's with the Coral of Shadows! And then Hex. Not Hex. No. Unless you are super old or into history, you won't know what that is. No idea. I'm surrounded by idiots! I'm such a blast. I'm such a blast. He is right next to you so it will be at disadvantage. What? Okay. 13. Yeah, cause he's in melee range. Can I... I'm not. No, I'm not. Carry on Kim. I'll answer your question in a moment. Can I Hex him as well? Like, so bonus action Hex and then... Yes. Bonus action first and then you take the action. So you cast Hex. Yep. Okay, so it's one of your spell slots. So you Hex him, pick one of his stats that he has a disadvantage on. On skill checks. I would like to Hex his... Dex... Dexterity. Dexerity. Okay, so you kind of... You watch again the blade pulses for a second and then you watch as kind of like almost like bands of this blue energy kind of like start in Sorsaling his limbs and you can see his kind of like sluggish looking around. And then what would you like to do for your action Nova? Can I move back or will he... You can disengage, yeah, but that's your full action to be. That's my full action, isn't it? Um... Ah, screw it. I'll just try and blast him. Okay, so disadvantage. Okay, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13. No, because it's so close you try and bring the hand round but he sees what you're doing and just kind of almost grabs your arm, shoves it against the wall as it's just like this blast just echoes around. And you feel that connection with the blade and you just kind of this one word just wheeled. You just hear this kind of like in your mind. Okay, okay. Um, after Nova it is, he's dead. Aila. Nice. No, I have a far away. I'm gonna cast one. Yeah, that's just throw the wall out. I'm only cost her. I'm only cost her. I can only get to here. You can throw the hammer at him. Could I move up? You'd be a disadvantage if you threw it. Oh yeah, you could move up. What would you like to do? Can I try and throw the hammer? Yeah, if you move up as close. You have fists. The true barbarian way. And a face. He looks quite injured. You can see he's holding where he's been wounded multiple times. He's got all these ice shards. Literally big shards of ice sticking out of his side. So does it have to be. I think I'll hold and if he comes within distance of me, I will. So you're just readying yourself and you're going to hold your action to him. Okay, sentry. Awesome. Yeah, I think... Hmm. Do you see what Eila there and Nova's there? I kind of... I think I want to... Stay at the back protect But the three of these guys, okay, so I think well cuz his name Arville. Yeah, I think he's been hurt Yes, I think I want to protect him. Okay, and the guys at the back. Okay, so Can I cast? Shield of faith on Arville and then just move up between him and Lucius. Yeah, absolutely So you you know yeah, you kind of summon the magic that was imbued into your matrix and you kind of touch Arville And you watch us again this kind of thing and he's like what what did you just do? And he's like looking around And he just kind of like looks at you startled But then he kind of just brings the cross speed kind of gets his crossbow back out and starts reloading it He's like looking at you curiously Second -turn protect. Yeah, I protect. I also attach The sister That's seen all of this go on she will kind of step up behind you because she sure you get hit and she's gonna lay her hands She's like guardian. I don't know if this will work, but I hope that it will and she's gonna cast kill wounds Force eight hit points nice when you feel like the wood of your kind of like form begin to not and Rebind as your your damage begins to heal awesome Quill, I'm sorry Lucius actually Now don't be getting hitting nobody else Bad guy you're making me nervous Fireball okay Attack spell attack for you. Yep. Yep. Yep So that is plus five no Which is like it hits the wooden ceiling of the shit Begin to like burn a little bit good. Oh, please one of your shards and your leg put it out He just did he's like I don't want to look up right now. I don't want to see it. I don't want to deal with it Like now it is no longer due to saying things on fire I'm going to... I can't really get into range to get 15 feet away from him. So you can move through friends, it's just difficult to range. Yeah it's just too far away from me where I am now. I will move up to behind sentry, place a hand on her and give her guidance. So you can roll a d4 to add that to a number to any ability check of your choice. Oh nice, thank you. Arvel for one round. For one round. Arvel's just like... Yeah he's reloading this turn because he hit him last turn so that's what Arvel's doing. The assailant is going to... you can still see this charge. He's going to... through his dagger doesn't have his lightning thing. He's cast that. Yeah. He's just gonna, with the witch bolt, he's gonna try and lash out again, I think. Amir? Yep, but this time again, the bolt just, I'd probably go for Ailer actually, but it doesn't matter, I rolled a two. So you watch as he goes to do this, and you almost laugh as you see this kind of lightning bolt, but it just kind of goes wide. It almost seems to arc away from you. It's just like, as it hits into the side of the wall. I wish it did. What? Okay, it does. No, it doesn't. It just doesn't. It's like lightning. Okay, I'm gonna be like, and just very nervously bring Tian Gong out. So you kind of pull this sword, and you're kind of holding it like awkwardly. It's like clearly, you're kind of holding it in a weird way. It was judging really hard right now. I'm a scholar, I'm not a fighter. I'm looking at all. Oh wow, praise to the screen. So you watch, she doesn't look like she knows what she's doing, and then suddenly she snaps forward, she faints high, and then cuts down low, like an expert swordsman. What? How much? Eight. Eight points of damage. You watch as the blade slices through the leather armor, like it wasn't there, leaving this blue trait, like almost like a nebula behind it. And then his body just splits. Oh. Oh. I'm so sorry. That was amazing, but also awful. I just wanted him to stop. You need to use that more often. Really, really. I can't look. You do look a little bit weird when you use it though. I'm gonna work on that. I'm gonna run back to the stairs and look down to see if the first guy is actually dead, and I guess I'll see him crumpled. You see darkness. Oh, there's nothing down there, okay. No, it's pitch black, and your dark vision, literally, you don't have any, so it's just pitch blackness. We still don't understand. I imagine this one's dead. Your own initiative, of all, is like, now at least things gonna melt out of me, or what? It's just like, ah. I've never done it on a human before. Dwarf, what does that mean? It's usually training dummies or bags of sand. I'm sorry. It's not the fun. First time I've been mistaken for a bag of sand. Oh, silly. Sister, sister please. And you watch as the priestess woman is like, I'll deal with you in a second Dwarf, please I must check on my charge. And she's gonna go back to the back room. She looks in, she's like, Corinne, is she all right? Yes, yes, she's fine, she's fine. I thought that thing was gonna come in here. Can I very tentatively like, I don't know, I like go to shut his eyes, but realize he's wearing a mask. It's a mask, yeah, it's like this. And then I wanna start searching him like desperately, like for any orders or like anything. Yeah, so you search over the body and you find, yeah, he's got like this toughened black leather armour underneath the cloak, a dagger that he threw, and then you see that he has like a leather cuff with a small charm, like an electrum charm. It's probably worth about five silver. It's just like a little kind of like, yeah, like a little charm of a sword. Is there anything to identify like maybe who he's... Look at them. Not really. The only reason you even know what they are is because you've encountered them before. Can we still hear fighting and screaming? Yes, from above you, yes. And you can also begin... The fire that you hit does die out. It was just like a little spark that kind of like... But it doesn't take hold. But there is the sound of... You can hear like crackling flames coming from above. You still hear the thunderstorm going on outside and the ship is still lurching. All of you... You're Sky Citizen. So you've come from the Sky City. So you've probably been on an airship before. The rest of you, if you can make perception checks for me, actually. Lucius, you don't need to make this. 11. 17. Unnatural 20. Unnatural 20. Perception. 11. So those of you who have got above 15 and Lucius, you... Now that this kind of immediate danger is out the way, and although you've been feeling the ship lurch and tilt, it's now the first time that you've realised that the ship is descending very quickly. It's not dropping out of the sky, but you imagine it is going down. Like the ship is crashing. It's just doing it at a point where it's not nose diving. It's just kind of going in a steady descent down. Friends, and by that I mean sentry and you other guys. Well, we're going down. What do you mean? The ship is going down. We are going down. We are going to crash. Why do these things exist? They're stupid. They're beautiful, but it's going down. Court of Shadows. He's from the court of... It's Kellis and Starbeam's forces. Where does this thing... Where's the controls for this thing? Fix it. The rest of them don't seem to notice, but you notice that when you say that, the priestess kind of like her eyes go wide, but she doesn't say anything. The dwarf is just like, we need to figure out... The captain, she must be up on the top deck of the ship. She'll know what she's doing. what's going on? That's where all the fighting is. But what else can we do? I say that's all we can do. Keep fighting. Come on guys. All right, I'll follow you. So you guys gonna make your way round? Yeah. Can I like, like, do a diet round here? Yeah. Grab my books. Yeah, you guys can grab your luggage and stuff like that if you want to. Yeah, I'm grabbing my stuff. Do we have any idea, based on how it's falling and do we know how high we were before? Like do we know how high we were before? Yeah, you would have been extremely high altitude, like, on any kind of cloud level, kind of like, plain kind of level. Okay. Given the time of night, and again, it's difficult for you to tell, because you're an air croaker and you're used to flying, kind of feeling it out. You think maybe like five, 10 minutes before you hit like, if you hit, you might hit water. You're not quite sure where you are. You can't see. You might hit ocean. You might hit mountains. You could hit land. You don't know. I don't know who Cali Starburn is, but we don't have time. We have to, we've got like, not long left. I'm putting my stuff on. So while they're putting stuff on, Aila, you run around, you know, because you've been on the ship for a few days, you run past the galley where you've been taking your meals and you go towards the stairs that lead up to the deck and you see that the entire stairwell has collapsed inwards. Part of like a mast has fallen on it and smashed the floorboards down, but it is also on fire. You can see like flames are trickling and roaring through it, cargo has fallen in, it's just a mess, like it's a complete, you know, crush of debris, but you can see like little gaps and you can see like some of the ship's crew wearing sort of like loose sailor's tunics, wielding like curved cutleresses, they're like fighting off similar kind of mask skull figures and you can occasionally hear like, pshh, cracks of magic, you can hear kind of snaps and you know, slices of weapons, steel upon steel. Okay, I'll relay that back to the guys. Would I know if there was another way sort of off the ship from down here, I think? That's what I'm thinking too. There is a boarding platform, which is at the bottom of the ship, but it would potentially just leave you into open sky. The captain or any of the crew would probably know more of the procedures for crashes. They don't do safety videos, unfortunately, on discussions with the guys. I suppose we'd know the captain, we'd know he's not. You've met Falthea, Alucendris, she's a high -off windmaster or a sky ship captain. Yeah, like she's either in her quarters down below or she's on the top deck fighting. Aila, you just looked up, you just glanced up, you didn't see if you could see her specifically, but. In our bedrooms are there ports? They're windows, yeah, there's port holes, yep. Yeah, you can go to one of those. I'm gonna run out. Cedric, Cedric, you've got grippy hands, right? Could you grip onto the hull and maybe climb out of a hole? I might be able to. You're too big. Is there a hole where Lucius? Five. Oh yeah. It's not a full hull, no. It kind of just scorched it, but I also thought there were holes in this kind of crutch stairwell that could go out. Or you could probably break a window. If you're thinking of sending Echo, you could probably smash one of these port holes and he could fly up and out. Yeah, I'll do that. I'll send Echo through. Yeah, yeah. That makes far more sense. Okay. You go into a room. It's not less dangerous. Yes. You smash that and send Echo out. Just before you do that, anybody else doing anything? You see, the sister is currently tending to Arville, like pulling out shards and things like that, but he's obviously injured. Can I go to the sister? Yeah, she's currently tending on Arville. She's like, I'm just gonna say, you know, you know who they are. And I know what you are. I have heard the stories, yes. Are they coming for your ward? I don't know. I don't know. Who is she? That is a longer story than we have time for. Myself and my fellow brother have been charged in taking her to Gustave. That's all I know. without being able to spend time exasperating the story. But yes, maybe, but I don't see why. She's just an orphan girl, one that we've been tasked to charge with. She may have some magical, latent magical power, that's it. Enough for the court to want her? No, absolutely not. If this is indeed the Court of Shadows from the Dark War, then I have no idea why they are here. Are they after any of you? That was my first thought, is you're all a colourful bunch of travellers, perhaps they're after one of you or something you have? They might be after my business. No. You don't know my business! Sorry, that was fairly rude of me. Looking inside, you see a gentleman and a young woman, I do have miniatures for them, I can't find the other one. You see a fellow wearing the same kind of siasca priest robes, step out and you can see he's got one arm round this young girl's shoulder. She's now dressed, looks like in the commotion she's just quickly put on some travelling clothes. They've both got bags, you can see they've got backpacks and satchels. He's like, Yusuf, what's going on? She's like, Corinne, I don't know, they were figures, perhaps they were the Court of Shadows, I don't know, but we just need to keep her safe and I think that we should stick with these travellers for now. They seem very competent, we should stick with them. What about the crush? These guys are all talking a lot. Yeah, so there's something downstairs guys, something was making some noise. So at this point we see Echo, he flies up, so Echo flies out and the wind almost throws him backwards, he has to, whoo, he kind of pushes forward and upwards and he kind of makes his way and he kind of pops up very gently, he kind of peeks up onto the deck and he can see that there are already a ton of dead crew members and perhaps only a few left fighting. You recognise a half -orc navigator covered in big tattoos, big burly arms and he's just got these two heavy maces and he's just like smashing into like two of these guys fighting and then the captain is actually at the back of the ship near where the stairs would lead up by the wheel she's got one hand on this wheel and you can see these power lines are feeding into a core crystal at the center of the wheel and they're kind of flowing down her veins almost like she's channeling magic into it and she's got a rapier in one hand and she's like parrying and like fending one of them off and she's just like keep it going Reefbreaker we've got to keep this thing from falling from nose diving and stuff like that and you can see like this will going on there does seem to be one of these figures he's got the same almost identical outfit but he's actually carrying a physical greatsword and he's just stood at the back gesturing and you can hear like enough stop playing with them kill them now and like some of the others are like rushing up and trying to fight them and things like that but he's avoiding the combat so far okay cool but not cool I am suddenly even though I'm panicking quite a lot I'm trying to stay as calm as possible and thinking about Any stories of airships crashing and where the safest place to be in that situation? Give me a straight up intelligence check. So D20 plus intelligence. D20, that's 16 plus 1, so 17. 17? Yeah, you would probably, you've spent being, you would want some messenger guilds. You trained to be in the messenger guild and as part of that you would have done a lot of training with airship crews. You would have delivered messages or couriered packages to airships and you probably would have spoken to a few captains. There is always safety measures. There are normally things called glide cloths which are basically like parachutes. They're enchanted ethereum cloth that you can use to basically slowly descend. They're kind of like, they're deployed almost like a little harness. They'll be secured somewhere on the ship. If you did have to crash, you'd probably be best off where you are securing yourself in the galley and finding ways to just strap yourselves in so you're not thrown around. Because one of the worst things is debris crashing you or like things falling on top of you and things like that. Right. Does anyone have any plans? Because I think, I think this might be a crash situation. No way! What are you talking about, Aeropropa? I don't want to alarm anyone but I think this might hit the ground and potentially kill everyone more. The young girl for the first time speaks and she's like, I think telling us that the ship is about to crash is pretty alarming in the first place. Okay, well don't worry, I'm sure it'll be fine. We're going to crash! Technically speaking we are in the safest area if we just find a way to secure ourselves so that when we crash we're not hit by debris we're probably going to land in water depending on where we were in the air flight. It's fine, just go in the galley, find somewhere safe, strap yourself in. Okay, I'm going to run off. There's still fighting going on up there. Well there won't be once we crash. How are we going to get up there? I don't know, can we break our way through? You have a hammer! If we go up, you can bring an echo, or do you want to bring it back? I can bring an echo down and I can bring it back. can relay the information to these guys and being like cool. So the captain and the, yeah. First mate. First mate are up there fighting. How many are there? We need to help them so we can get the ship safe. I'm gonna start going back right here. Does it look like I can start smashing this? So the fire has gotten more intense and is now starting to spread. Anyone got water? I have ice. Ice, okay. The fire is now beginning to kind of creep out. Let's skip along. Looking up, so you turn around the corner and it's like blazing flames. You can see that the large mast is enormous. It's maybe like 10 foot diameter and it's smashed through where the stairs were and it's just basically crushed the entirety of the stairs and filled it in with debris. Can I try and like, I'll just blast a hole through the roof. Sure. Straight out. You don't need to roll to hit. Just roll damage for me. Damage, so it's a D10 isn't it? You missed. Is that a one? Yes, a one. That's a one. You, as you blast it upwards. It hits the wood and you see it scorch and mark. It seems incredibly tough. But you would, kind of as you blast it, most airships have Ethereum -infused wood, which is lighter and stronger than like most stuff. The fact that the stairs have collapsed, it must have been such a weight from this mast falling that it's basically that's you know, shattered. I think this is out of my skill set. It's quite a lot of fire. And I have tiny knives. Saw it, went into Overs body. Judging by the rate of fire and knowing what this ship is made out of, I don't think this is gonna get through anytime soon. I'm just still lying. I believe we need to... There's gotta be some on the way off this thing though. We can go down. Down. There's something down there. There might be some, um, uh... We can see. Um... Gliding cloths. Gliding cloths, that's the one. Yes, yes, yes. Sales? Sales, uh, no, that's up, like... Enchanted cloths. Enchanted cloths, downstairs. You can hear it, can you? Can you hear? Hear what? Can you hear the thing this time now? Well, you're passive, yeah. You can hear, like... In fact, actually, I would say that you just barely hear this kind of, like... This heavy breathing. Does it sound like before the same thing? Yeah. Um... No, it doesn't sound like, it doesn't sound like a humanoid. It's, it's like a... Something else, don't you? Oh... What? I don't know. But it's, it's like it's moving around down there. Like, it fades out. Because you've got such... You're so good at hearing and things like that, that, like, you're kind of listening and it kind of drifts away, and then it comes back, um, drifts away. I was like, well, I mean, I just don't want to stand around here and do nothing if the ship's crashing. I've got my merchandise and I am not losing out on my business. Correct. Daddy would be so pissed. What is your merchandise? It's a healthy, big monster. You got, like, someone... No! Okay. You can send light, can't you? Not meaning to allow anyone there. Yes? Send it down. Okay. Alright, coalesce. dancing lights, which is three or four torch -sized lights. Okay. I'm going to just... So like stagger them, like doot, doot, doot, doot. Yeah, one, two, three, four. Okay. And then spread them out. So for a brief flicker, quill who happens to be stood there. Temporate radius, each one. Such high passive perception, the lights go down and you see for a second the flicker of a large kind of made from metal and crystal. But the metal is dark like the night, like almost blackened metal. This kind of steel jaw and this panther -like body kind of like very briefly touches the edge of the light, seems to realize what it is, and then into the darkness. What would I need to make a roll to recognize anything like that? Give me a arcana check. Okay, arcana, that's an unnatural 20, I rolled that. Unnatural 20. Unnatural. You have heard of some creatures like this. I mean obviously Sentry is a guardian who is a construct and After the guardians the knowledge of how to build guns was lost. There's been a lot of attempts to create constructs and similar things before It's some sort of golem You're not really sure what though like it. Yeah, it's clearly made of metal You don't think it's like a living creature. It's some sort of construct or a golem You've heard of them sometimes like you've heard kind of stories that like in in parts of the lowlands where there is a lot of What they call remnant activity these kind of like last vestiges of the dark war There are these kind of creatures that stalk the night and snatch people away Sentry sentry sentry hello There's a big it's like you if it looked Monstrous and big and had teeth Do you know what that is? Also, what's it doing on here with us? I can't see anything. Can I do like a perception check on it? I've got I've still got quills D4 to add You can sing as it's a cantrip you could just cast guidance again. Okay, sorry You can make an arcana check And it would be you can make would you want to try and just see it or do you want to remember information about I'm trying to remember information that would be a history check history check. I'll give you advantage because of your yeah circumstance So you can roll twice and take the highest 20 again good 70 is pretty good, but see if you get anything higher So 17 yeah, plus you the fourth and guidance But you already had the D4 so yes a four so add four to the 17 Okay, 21 21 plus your history bonus is minus one 23 well still so 23 You remember you remember designs of Starbane and his forces one of his commanders these kind of Demigod commanders loved to tinker and create and was kind of inspired by the Guardians to create his own soldiers for the enemy. And they created these things called stalkers. And they sound pretty similar, made from black metal and crystal, but they have almost powers of the night where if they're in darkness, they predatory instincts are stronger. They can also kind of drain the life of people around them. They can kind of send out this pulse and to drain life around them. And they're pretty vicious. You kind of have, they were kind of created very near the end of the war, kind of similar time when you were. Yeah, you probably would never have fought one, but you definitely heard of them. Yeah, okay. So I'd want to get these guys out of the way. So yeah, what'd you do? Like come over and- I'd come over and take a defensive stance in front of them and just let them know, guys, this is a bad situation for you guys. You need to be really careful. Maybe we don't go in there. Yeah, century, do you know if that thing would survive, let's say for example an airship crashing into the ground? I would assume not. That's okay, we can stay here. I'm gonna go buckle myself up, see you later. But it quite potentially, it wouldn't be enough to destroy me maybe, so I feel like maybe they would survive. So at this point, what would you like to do? I'm running to the bedroom and I'm gonna ice myself to the floor. Okay, so you're gonna go take, you're gonna basically- Is my understanding, well, what do you wanna do? Because you wanna fight stuff. I wanna try and smash up to the deck somehow, but there's no other way to get up other than this that I know of. There's no other stairways that we know of that go up on- These ships are pretty slim and they're kind of built to be kind of quick and speedy. And you've seen me trying to blast through the roof. There's no way to go up. The only way it seems you could go, yeah, it's like potentially there might be these, there's the platform and the glide class down, but there is also this beast. What would you like to do? Can we take it? We can try. I'm awful psych. Now that's my kind of talk. Well, look. We can sit here and hope to die. We're probably gonna die anyway. Yeah, why not? I'm with the Elf. Who would ask? I'm like at my door and I turn around like, we can take, no, old century, please. Look, awful century, it's like, none of y 'all need to come this way. I don't know, none of you, but if, listen lady, Aila was it? Yeah. If you wanna go down there, I'm with you. I'd rather go down fighting than stay up here and die by being crushed to death. I get on an airship once and it freaking crashes. This is bullshit. It's the safest way to fly. This is bullshit. And I'm going out fighting. Statistically, they are quite safe. Thank you. Listen, well, I'm up, I'm game. I could use your help. I have interest. How long has it been? A few minutes? Okay. I don't think I've been practicing. How crashy are we feeling? Yeah, how? How are we? A few minutes. It listing and like yeah, you're not sure why I'm inspired you have no idea like cluster like where this We don't know if there is only okay. It's a reason. I'm not willing to take you Haven't seen anything like that on this level You've not really gone down to the bottom level because it's mainly for storage in the crew which is where it might be That's also where the platform is where the there the kind of like launch What's it called? Launch I don't know what it's Bay doors, baby. Yeah, yeah, I'll go the logo. Yeah, yeah, nice Millennium Quite like the ramshit That's the spirit Nova sketch it. Yeah, I'll just later later No, if you fight it, I'll sketch it sketch it later No, but for an ear just like big teeth really big teeth made a sister I'm literally gonna start like the sister gestures. She looks to the other two. She's just like Corrin, take her and and strap yourselves into the galley if we find anything I will come back and get you But do not risk coming down if I do not come back for you. I will go with them Try and aid my healing if I can and she's gonna come in behind you as well Um, Pat the light you say. Oh, yeah, it's very I'm gonna take the pan out of Nova's head Doing a courage check. Okay. What do you make it? I reckon it would be a wisdom saving throw wisdom saving throws versus fear generally 15. Oh that's in it. Yeah Approve For you daddy, I would also say Lucis might have the thought of he's not sure if these people if they do kill it and get these Parachutes, you're not sure if they would actually come and give you one Okay, that's going on So you are leading the way so just give me a give me a descending order here So I know who's going down in the in the well this guy I'm actually next to a So our ball so I love our ball century quill Nova Lucius and then sister Yusuf at the back She could be next to me. I guess. Yeah, okay So you guys Descend down we're not gonna be using the map cam anymore Steve if you want to turn that off to the character portraits You descend down into a large black space and you can see that this large dark I mean for those of you who don't have dark vision is near pitch black. There are no portholes There's no light naturally coming in here. The dancing lights They give off very dim like 10 feet radius kind of like four of them for widespread them out So they he spread he kind of spreads them out and you watch these kind of hovering I guess like blue orange and different colored globes and they spend spreading this kind of multi -colored light But it's over a large area and they're so dim that there are all these elongated shadows You see like big stacks most of which have fallen over but these kind of create these like large piles of cargo Regging like wood like roped rigging kind of hanging down hammocks and you begin making your way down there And it's for those who don't have dark vision you're struggling to see those of you who do just see these kind of shapes and maybe you just catch glimpses of like Movement and then it's gone you look that way again It's not there and then suddenly from behind you you almost begin to hear this movement But nothing jumps out at you immediately May I suggest I heard that these things don't like light or at least they come out in the dark you got Tard no I got nothing. This is what I've got I'm gonna surround us with the dancing lights sister usef is like I can provide a bit more and she Just as to the holy symbol and this silvery light, but again It's just around you guys like it's it's kind of creating like a you know Gandalf in the minds of maria like yeah I have one Like a dancing light at the front of the party sides and just continuously shifting them like So you watch as you begin making your way and then the foot you kind of stumbling through the dark You're kind of a is leading you around like these piles of like cardboard a couple of these piles of wooden boxes, storage barrels, and then you see bodies. You begin to see the other crew members, the ones that were sleeping, just torn apart and shredded. And you can see blood kind of pulling out and staining the Ethereum wood. And then at the very back of the room, you can see kind of slatted storeroom, of which you can see hung up these kind of like leather harnesses. And then just as you begin taking the movement, something large and predatory springs out of the darkness. And that's where we're going to take a break. Oh, boy! Thanks for listening to the Hyrollers podcast. Don't forget to check out our next episode. And please do rate us on iTunes. For more great podcasts, go to pickaxe .uk. 